wow, aaa lear arraiá, I think the saint
But you never mentioned the second
of the day and of course again on cause
the jury of the sea around midday
Leave a video now to talk a little
more about the new fans that we have
to win make a very nice video you
for you three countries that had never
appeared on another rod are making their
debut and by the advent of Ray 3 pilots
very good
if you could not take a look and
this video now has to have a certain
relationship with this first video in this
video I want to show you how to teach
how do you do to identify the
sex moves through the mini but is
As you know, you can win the movie.
full of both defict cetera and
whenever you make one of these movements
You end up reporting minimal to
formerly the only way you were
announced by the map mne was pulling
using a muffler-free weapon
Now if you do edson - you also
denounced, however, the complaint is less
wide open let's talk so you do not
appears as a whole red ball
time you make the move there was a lot of
people are confused in relation to
To this
a lot of people asking me if it was like this
that you appear when you make the
movements and not actually the shape with
that you appear is very discreet but
perceptible right
if you keep an eye on the minimum you will
see that every time your character
download anp a dash a kind of a
of a wave is a circle and leaves you
so from the middle of the character he
spreads as if when you pile a
water into the water and understand the
What does that ball do like in
back and it is opening up exactly
that way I do not know if I was clear on the
explanation but you understand if you
observe the least you'll see
It means you're being 5 is
displayed on your opponent's mini map
including a debtor's property is well
interesting because it always
demonstrates is that you did not appear in the
of the opponent for example
when you shoot with a gun without
silencer
you can see that your arrow from your
character gets the tornado
red means that you are
appearing in the case as a ball
even fixed at least when its
and when you give the love of
both
10 as I said, this circle appears in
back of the lord of your nose flash
expanding, indicating that this same
symbol appeared at least of the enemy only
that in red indicating to him that a
the enemy made a l or die there and
clear when the enemy makes a move
appears on your mini map also a
red circle however this is the
kind of thing that is not easy on you
identify because because I said it is more
discreet as well as being faster and higher
faster than your mini map than
when your opponent gives shots and
influencer it also does not give you a
very precise where the guy is.
it basically indicates that in that location
There is someone there like the cession movements
are fast movements or the guy gives
one dash he does not leave there but like him
you can give 2 in a row for giving
double dip is too high then when
Get there, the fella's already faraway.
so it 's more for you to know that
has enemies around and a way of
you make the most of it is using
because I lost iron because peripherals
which was one of the worst I've shown in
half day video why I said
that this video now has few
relation to this half day because the
peripheral you have a near vision
complete the map through a map and
It is much easier for you to identify
the enemies with the mistakes both not only
because the map has at least one mini map of
have less 1 as well because you
can reach a much greater extent
the map
then you can see areas is very
distant and usually men are
made all the time so you
will have a very large advantage in this
question of where are the enemies?
it's not like I said no matter how much it is
The moment the guy did it was
far from you have to stay closer
because you already have average distance
You already have to be smart because it's
then a very high speed when
I play 10 of everything else then the guy already
may be approaching well
quickly and you through the 10 men
using the yoplait peripherals and
keeping an eye on the mini map is in
relation to this kind of movement you
can generate a good advantage whenever
always remembering that there is a
to hide these movements from the
mini map or there is a port that
makes you not appear on the map of the
the same way a muffler does with
that you do not appear on the map when you
shoot with a gun
right this project is a point of
three so-called teacher blasters or
explosion suppressor in pt-pr version
right
is one because I know there is also case
you want and you find it necessary to use
I'm going to stay here for another video
fast car for you hope
are you enjoying this coverage?
If you're liking, do not forget.
leave your limit and if possible your
today's favorites should still have two more
videos then it stays connected and I go
staying here a hug to everyone
stay with god and it's even a max